the vitesse caravan is the whole week
region withdrawn
to visit supporters today was
again the last day of the vitesse of
week
it was a home game someone this one
last day with stadium gelredome
affected
the whole week has been beautiful weather
but today the weather gods were us
less favorable
from around twelve o'clock in the afternoon
rain making it rock hard in arnhem
we had some outdoor activities
know a house or even pay off so that's why
we decided the present supporters
give tours by gelredome
Sorry
this one
So
around thirty still by the sun
and wonders fortunately out again
the balls opened and the
activities started
charlie nature
the eye is
worldwide
we always stretch young forever
is listen for a moment
is the question
so
the coach arrived around 2 o'clock
the players then took the lead
one on stage and then himself to
Dress up for the match against where you
life zucchini
not too late home with or this fan day
on it
tesla has one this past week
ken had fantastic week
all supporters who are present
I therefore thank you warmly
Yes
binet